{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang10 Voy en Innovation 3 Activity 5\par
\par
What you want to learn from the next project\par
How the position will help them learn\par
Your skills fit the client\'b4s profile\par
\par
\b 1. Tell me a little about yourself\par
\b0 brief\par
3 facts to contribute to the project\par
a story\par
managers want to see that you are self aware and emphatic, that you have similar values to the group\par
What is it about me that he cares about\par
Be authentic\par
\par
\b 2. Describe yourself in 3 words\b0\par
How you think and operate\par
Curious\par
your character\par
A definig trait\par
honest\par
What a manager wants on his team\par
surprise the client\par
something unique\par
avoid jargon and seem generic\par
Describe how your mind works\par
Dont abuse of business jargon\par
Avoid cliches\par
\par
\b 3. Tell me about a stressful...\par
\b0 Set the stage of the problem\par
details of how you addressed\par
managers want to see maturity and agency\par
benefit of star technique -> Situation, Task, Action, Result\par
what you learned\par
how can it benefit a new project\par
\par
\b 4. Whats your greatest weakness\par
\b0 No pefectionism\par
Take a negative quality and talk about how it helped you learn something valuable\par
What you have done to overcome.... as a way to show interest in your professional carreer\par
\par
\b 5. What are your best qualities\b0\par
Not enough to say you are good at something\par
Demonstrate how that quality led to a specific result\par
Use this if you have to share your best accomplishments\par
STAR\par
\par
\b 6. What questions do you have\b0\par
This make or break your chances\par
Show you\'b4ve been listening to the interviewer\par
Focus on an aspect of the project that you both discussed\par
Steer clear of this you must already know\par
"What is the plan of the company to overcome those challenges"\par
Listening and big: \par
So that you are fully engaged, that you think strategically, expansively, that you are exited about the future\par
Ask about a product\'b4s feature that intrigue you, the competition, the industry\par
Show that you think as a leader, you are engaged and have strategic skills\par
\par
\b Real interview questions and skills wanted\par
\ul\b0 Soft skills \par
\ulnone Are overlooked\par
Involve: \par
Personality traits\par
Communication and people skills\par
Social attitudes\par
Emocional intelligence\par
Working on this may help you realize your full potential\par
\par
\b Skills\par
\b0 Problem solver\par
Plan and organize your time\par
Flexibility and adaptability\par
Interpersonal skills\par
Strenght of caracter, honest\par
Technical skills\par
Teamwork\par
Self-motivation\par
Evolutionary skills\par
Communications skills\par
\par
\b The most... demanded skills\par
\b0 No college degree\par
Thight labor market\par
Skills that the potential employee may bring\par
Skills over experience\par
\par
\ul Handout 1\par
\ulnone 1. Describe a situation in which you came across a major obstacle to complete a project.\par
How did you deal with it? What steps did you take?\par
\par
2. Give me a recent example of a stressful situation on the job. What happened? How did\par
you handle it?\par
\par
3. Do you follow the Agile software development process?\par
\par
4. Tell me about the project you\rquote ve worked on that you\rquote re most proud of. What did you do\par
that worked out particularly well?\par
\par
5. Tell me about the project you\rquote ve worked on that you\rquote re least proud of. What would you\par
do differently?\par
\par
6. If you could master one technology this year, what would it be?\par
\par
7. What is the highlight of your career?\par
\par
\ul Handout 2\ulnone\par
1. How familiar are you with OOP analysis and design?\par
\par
2. What do you know about ORM?\par
Turns tables into their own classes, so then developers can use those classes for LINQ queries\par
\par
3. How do you organize your class modules and assets? \par
\par
4. What do you know about multi-threading?\par
It uses several processors to run snippets of code\par
It improves performance and stops the code from "hanging" when it runs\par
\par
5. What are your thoughts on unit testing?\par
\par
6. What is your process for finding a bug in an application? How much time do you\par
typically spend on debugging?\par
\par
\ul handout 3\par
\ulnone .Net and C# Interview Questions\par
1. What is Pattern Designs and explain its significance?\par
a. Design Patterns are efficient solutions to the General Software Design problems.\par
b. The common problems are resolved by applying these Design Patterns which are\par
the best practices to obtain efficient solutions for the complex known and\par
common problems in the design challenges of the software design and\par
development processes.\par
c. These design solutions for the common problems were obtained after performing\par
several trial and error methods by many developers for a long time in many\par
designs to obtain these effective solutions to the commonly known problems.\par
d. There are different types of Design patterns. They are Behavioral Patterns,\par
Creational Patterns, and Structural Patterns.\par
\par
2. What are the different uses of Design Patterns?\par
a. Speeds up the development process\par
b. Ensures effective and efficient software designs\par
c. More reusability for the common problems across the design model\par
d. Enables code readability\par
e. Good documentation and easier to maintain for other developers\par
f. Robust applications can be developed\par
g. Ensures customer retention for delivering efficient and robust solutions\par
\par
3. What are the different types of Design Patterns and explain?\par
a. Behavioral Pattern: The Behavioral Pattern is all about the communication\par
between the several objects of the classes. It mainly concentrates on the\par
communication and invocation between the objects.\par
b. Creational Pattern: The Creational Pattern is about the instantiation of the class\par
and also further extends to the object creation. This category can be further\par
divided into Class creational patterns and object creational patterns. The main\par
theme used in this pattern is a delegation to get the work done. It mainly\par
depends on the delegation model.\par
c. Structural Pattern: The composition of the classes\par
and objects while interacting with several other classes. This ensures the\par
application is more loosely coupled than getting complex.\par
\par
4. What is Singleton Pattern and how can it be implemented in C#?\par
a. Its a design pattern that comes under the Creational design\par
pattern which is used to instantiate only a single object from that class. Finally,\par
that class will be confined only to a single object in its entire life cycle.\par
b. The Singleton design pattern is very important in hiding the class instantiation\par
functionality to be hidden from the other classes in order to maintain the object\par
instantiation limitations for the purpose of application or design requirements to\par
be fulfilled. Always only a single instance can be created from the Singleton\par
Design pattern.\par
c. In C# this can be implemented using the single constructor which is given with\par
access keyword private and without any parameters i.e., default no-args\par
constructor.\par
d. This method does not provide any thread safety.\par
\par
5. What is meant by Managed and Unmanaged code?\par
a. The code that is managed by the CLR is called Managed code. This code runs\par
inside the CLR. Hence, it is necessary to install the .Net framework in order to\par
execute the managed code. CLR manages memory through garbage collection\par
and also uses the other features like CAS and CTS for efficient management of\par
the code.\par
b. Unmanaged code is any code that does not depend on CLR for execution. It\par
means it is developed by any other language independent of .Net framework. It\par
uses its own runtime environment for compiling and execution.\par
c. Though it is not running inside the CLR, the unmanaged code will work properly\par
if all the other parameters are correctly followed.\par
\par
6. Are you familiar with Microsoft\rquote s ASP.Net Web API framework? Could I use that\par
framework to build a SOAP service?\par
Its a framework that makes it easy to build HTTP services that reach a broad range of clients, including browsers and mobile devices. \par
\par
b. Provide examples if used previously. \par
\par
\ul handout 4\par
\ulnone 1. What is Angular?\par
Angular is a TypeScript-based open-source web application framework,\par
developed and maintained by Google. It offers an easy and powerful way of\par
building front end web-based applications.\par
Angular integrates a range of features like declarative templates, dependency\par
injection, end-to-end tooling, etc. that facilitates web application development.\par
\par
2. Please explain the various features of Angular\par
Creation of accessible applications using ARIA-enabled components, built-in a11y test infrastructure, and developer guides.\par
CLI. Adding components, testing, instant deploying, etc.\par
Animation Support. Creation of high-performance, complex animation timelines with very little code.\par
Cross-Platform App Development. Build an efficient and powerful desktop, native, and progressive web apps. Angular provides support for building native mobile applications using Cordova, Ionic, or NativeScript.\par
Creation of high performance, offline, and zero-step installation progressive web apps using modern web platform capabilities.\par
Building desktop apps for Linux, macOS, and Windows.\par
Convert templates into highly-optimized code for modern JavaScript virtual machines.\par
g. Code Splitting\par
i. With the new Component Router, Angular apps load quickly. The\par
Component Router offers automatic code-splitting so that only the code\par
required to render the view that is requested by a user is loaded.\par
h. Synergy with Popular Code Editors and IDEs\par
i. Angular offers code completion, instant errors, etc. with popular source\par
code editors and IDEs.\par
i. Templates\par
i. Allows creating UI views with a simple and powerful template syntax.\par
j. Testing\par
i. Angular lets you carry out frequent unit tests using Karma. The Protractor\par
allows running faster scenario tests in a stable way.\par
\par
3. Could you explain services in Angular?\par
a. Singleton objects in Angular that get instantiated only once during the lifetime of\par
an application are called services. An Angular service contains methods that\par
maintain the data throughout the life of an application.\par
b. The primary intent of an Angular service is to organize as well as share business\par
logic, models, or data and functions with various components of an Angular\par
application.\par
c. The functions offered by an Angular service can be invoked from any Angular\par
component, such as a controller or directive.\par
\par
4. Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of using Angular?\par
Ability to add a custom directive\par
Exceptional community support\par
Facilitates client and server communication\par
Features strong features, such as Animation and Event Handlers\par
Follows the MVC pattern architecture\par
Offers support for static template and Angular template\par
Support for two-way data-binding\par
Supports dependency injection, RESTful services, and validations\par
\par
Disadvantages:\par
Complex SPAs can be inconvenient and laggy to use due to their size\par
Dynamic applications do not always perform well\par
Learning Angular requires a decent effort and time\par
\par
5. What is string interpolation in Angular?\par
(Moustache syntax) special type of syntax that makes use of template expressions in order to display the component data. These template expressions are enclosed within double\par
curly braces i.e. \{\{ \}\}.\par
The JavaScript expressions that are to be executed by Angular are added within\par
the curly braces and the corresponding output is embedded into the HTML code.\par
Typically, these expressions are updated and registered like watches as a part of\par
the digest cycle.\par
\par
6. Explain Angular Authentication and Authorization.\par
The user login credentials are passed to an authenticated API, which is present\par
on the server. Post-server-side validation of the credentials, a JWT (JSON Web\par
Token) is returned. The JWT has information or attributes regarding the current\par
user. The user is then identified with the given JWT. This is called authentication.\par
\par
Post-logging-in successfully, different users have a different level of access. While some may access everything, access for others might be restricted to only some resources. The level of access is authorization.\par
\par
Here is a detailed post on Angular 7 \f1\endash  JWT Authentication Example & Tutorial:\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://jasonwatmore.com/post/2018/11/16/angular-7-jwt-authenticationexample-tutorial }}{\fldrslt{http://jasonwatmore.com/post/2018/11/16/angular-7-jwt-authenticationexample-tutorial\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs22\par
\par
7. Can you explain the concept of scope hierarchy in Angular?\par
Angular organizes the $scope objects into a hierarchy that is typically used by \par
views. This is known as the scope hierarchy in Angular. It has a root scope that\par
can further contain one or several scopes called child scopes.\par
\par
In a scope hierarchy, each view has its own $scope. Hence, the variables set by\par
a view\rquote s view controller will remain hidden to other view controllers. \f0\par
\par
\ul Handout 5\par
\ulnone JavaScript Interview Questions\par
1. How do you organize your JavaScript code?\par
\par
2. What is the difference between var, let, and const in JavaScript?\par
\par
3. Explain prototype inheritance and method lookup.\par
\par
4. What is a \ldblquote closure\rdblquote  in JavaScript? Provide an example.\par
\par
5. How does JavaScript event loop work?\par
\par
\ul Handout 10\par
\ulnone 1. Tell me about yourself?\par
a. My name is ______, I have been working at GAP for _____ years.\par
b. I have _________ years of experience developing software and architectural\par
things. I specialize in Java, Python, and C# and I\rquote m here to help however I can.\par
\par
2. Can you tell me about object-oriented programming, what it is?\par
a. Actual explanation\par
b. Provide examples if used previously.\par
\par
3. What is an abstraction and how do you do that?\par
\par
4. Are you familiar with the Object-Oriented Patterns?\par
a. Like Singleton Pattern?\par
b. What about a Factory Pattern?\par
c. Could you describe how it works?\par
\par
5. Are you familiar with some Enterprise level patterns that we might use? Think you can\par
name a couple?\par
a. Actual explanation\par
b. Provide examples if used previously.\par
\par
6. What is the garbage collector and what role does it play?\par
a. Actual explanation\par
b. Provide examples if used previously.\par
\par
7. Can you explain how do you manage error handling?\par
\par
8. Do you have experience with automated testing?\par
a. Actual explanation\par
b. Provide examples if used previously.\par
\par
9. I\rquote m curious if you\rquote ve worked in an agile environment before.\par
\par
10.What is one of the most interesting projects you have done recently? Anything exciting?\par
\par
11.What kind of CI/CD tools have you worked with?\par
\par
12.What do you like about Angular? Anything that excites you?\par
\par
\b Otras fuentes adicionales de preguntas\par
\b0 Useful Interview Questions sites:\par
Continuous Integration Interview Questions (2018 Revision):\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/15-continuous-integration-interview-questions-in-2018 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/15-continuous-integration-interview-questions-in-2018\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Common Front End Developer Interview Questions [2019 Edition]\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/front-end-developer-interview-questions }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/front-end-developer-interview-questions\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Agile Scrum Interview Questions for Software Developers in 2018\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/20-agile-scrum-interview-questions-for-software-developers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/20-agile-scrum-interview-questions-for-software-developers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Advanced OOP Interview Questions and Answers [2019 Update]\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/csharp-object-oriented-programming-interview-questions }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/csharp-object-oriented-programming-interview-questions\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Senior .NET Developer Interview Questions to Ask in 2019\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/senior-net-developer-interview-questions }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/senior-net-developer-interview-questions\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
.NET Core Interview Questions and Answers\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/dot-net-core-interview-questions-and-answers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/dot-net-core-interview-questions-and-answers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
ASP.NET Web API Interview Questions And Answers (2019 Update)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/asp-net-web-api-interview-questions }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/asp-net-web-api-interview-questions\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
React Interview Questions (2018 Edition)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/top-26-react-redux-interview-questions-to-brush-up-2018 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/top-26-react-redux-interview-questions-to-brush-up-2018\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
JavaScript Interview Questions [ES6/ES2015 Update] in 2019\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/javascript-interview-questions-and-answers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/javascript-interview-questions-and-answers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Junior Web Developer Interview Questions. The Ultimate 2018 Guide\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/50-junior-web-developer-interview%20-questions-and-answersultimate-list-2018 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/50-junior-web-developer-interview%20-questions-and-answersultimate-list-2018\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Expert Node.js Interview Questions in 2018\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/7-hardest-nodejs-interview-questions-and-answers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/7-hardest-nodejs-interview-questions-and-answers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Stack Developer Interview Questions And Answers (2019 Edition)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/top-60-mean-stack-interview-questions-and-answers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/top-60-mean-stack-interview-questions-and-answers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Performance Testing Interview Questions & Answers in 2018\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/8-performance-testing-interview-questions-and-answers-in2018 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/8-performance-testing-interview-questions-and-answers-in2018\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Angular 7 Interview Questions To Crack in 2019\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/angular-7-interview-questions-to-crack-in-2019 }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/angular-7-interview-questions-to-crack-in-2019\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Docker Interview Questions and Answers in 2019\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/docker-interview-questions-and-answers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/docker-interview-questions-and-answers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Amazon Web Services Interview Questions and Answers for 2018\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/15-practical-aws-interview-questions-and-answers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/15-practical-aws-interview-questions-and-answers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Full Stack Interview Questions To Brush Up (2018 Edition)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/8-ultimate-full-stack-interview-questions-and-answers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/8-ultimate-full-stack-interview-questions-and-answers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Tricky Software Architecture Interview Questions\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/9-tricky-software-architecture-interview-questions }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/9-tricky-software-architecture-interview-questions\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Vue.js Interview Questions And Answers (2018 Updated)\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/20-top-vue-js-interview-questions-2018-updated }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/20-top-vue-js-interview-questions-2018-updated\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Web Security Interview Questions for Full Stack Developers\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/6-web-security-interview-questions-for-fullstack-developers }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/6-web-security-interview-questions-for-fullstack-developers\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Questions Every Developer Should Ask On Interview\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/9-questions-every-developer-should-ask-on-interview }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/9-questions-every-developer-should-ask-on-interview\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Behavioral Interview Questions for Software Developers\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/112-non-tech-behavioral-interview-questions-for-devs }}{\fldrslt{https://www.fullstack.cafe/blog/112-non-tech-behavioral-interview-questions-for-devs\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
Tech Job Interviews 101: 16 Machine Learning Interview Questions Explained\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://skillcrush.com/2019/10/17/machine-learning-interview-questions/ }}{\fldrslt{https://skillcrush.com/2019/10/17/machine-learning-interview-questions/\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs22\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 