{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sl240\slmult1\qc\b\f0\fs28\lang10 NOTAS DE AZURE\par

\pard\sl240\slmult1\b0\fs22\par
\par
//////////////////////////////////////////         \par
\par
Is a cloud computing platform\par
\par
Services:\par
Remote storage\par
Database hosting\par
Centralized account management\par
AI\par
IoT\par
Networking\par
Software\par
Servers\par
Analytics\par
\par
IaaS\par
PaaS\par
SaaS\par
\par
Azure Functions. Create event driven applications\par
Container services y kubernetes para desplegar aplicaciones con fully managed services\par
\par
Cosmos DB proporciona soporte para bd no sql\par
\par
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////        \par
\par
\b Cloud computing \par
\b0 Its computing services over the internet\par
Lower your operating costs.\par
\par
Run your infrastructure more efficiently.\par
Scale as your business needs change.\par
The cloud helps you move faster and innovate in ways that were once nearly impossible.\par
\par
Trends:\par
Teams deliver new features to their users at record speeds.\par
Users expect an increasingly rich and immersive experience with their devices and with software.\par
\par
Provides on-demand access to:\par
A nearly limitless pool of raw compute, storage, and networking components.\par
Speech recognition and other cognitive services\par
\par
Analytics services that deliver telemetry data from your software and devices.\par
\par
//////////////////////////////////////////\par
\par
\b How Azure work\par
\b0 Virtualization. Separa el hardware del sw usando una capa abstracta llamada Hypervisor\par
Hypervisor simula lo q hace una computadora\par
\par
Cada sv corre un fabric controler quien a su vez corre un orchestrator \par
Orchestrator. Responds to users requests\par
\par
The api can be requested with the Azure portal\par
When a user makes a request to create a VM (Virtual Machine), the Orchestrator packages everything that\'b4s needed, picks the best server rack and sends the package to the fabric controller\par
\par
With the Azure portal, you can:\par
Build, manage, and monitor everything from simple web apps to complex cloud deployments.\par
Create custom dashboards for an organized view of resources.\par
Configure accessibility options for an optimal experience.\par
\par
Adjustable Parameters:\par
Add users to the cloud-based active directory\par
Implement security policies\par
Plan backup schedules\par
Start and stop services\par
Scale services by adding or removing resources from your subscription\par
Monitor the health of the application\par
Track costs\par
Analyze performance in real-time\par
Create reports\par
\par
\ul Azure portal\ulnone  \par
Designed for resiliency and continuous availability\par
Updaes continuously\par
Requieres no downtime for maintenance\par
\par
Marketplace helps connect users with Microsoft partners, independent software vendors, and startups\par
\par
Categories:\par
Compute\par
Networking. VPN, Load Balancing\par
Storage\par
Mobile\par
Databases\par
Web. Build, deploy and manage your web application\par
IoT. Connect and monitor assets, analyze data and take actions\par
Big data\par
AI\par
DevOps\par
 \par
\ul Compute\par
\ulnone Virtual Machines\par
Virtual Machine Scale Sets\par
\par
Kubernetes Service. Cluster management for VMs that run containerized services.\par
Service Fabric. Distributed systems platform that runs in Azure or on-premises.\par
\par
Batch. Managed service for parallel and high-performance computing applications.\par
Container Instances. Containerized apps run on Azure without provisioning servers or VMs.\par
\par
Functions. An event-driven, serverless compute service\par
\par
\ul Networking\ulnone\par
Virtual Network. Connects VMs to incoming virtual private network (VPN) connections.\par
Load Balancer. Balances inbound and outbound connections to applications or service endpoints.\par
\par
Application Gateway. Optimizes app server farm delivery while increasing application security.\par
VPN Gateway. Accesses Azure Virtual Networks through high-performance VPN gateways.\par
\par
DNS. Provides ultra-fast DNS responses and ultra-high domain availability.\par
Content Delivery Network. Delivers high-bandwidth content to customers globally.\par
\par
DDoS Protection. Protects Azure-hosted applications from distributed denial of service (DDOS) attacks.\par
Traffic Manager. Distributes network traffic across Azure regions worldwide.\par
\par
ExpressRoute. Connects to Azure over high-bandwidth dedicated secure connections.\par
Network Watcher. Monitors and diagnoses network issues by using scenario-based analysis.\par
\par
Firewall. Implements high-security, high-availability firewall with unlimited scalability.\par
Virtual WAN\par
\par
\ul Storage\par
\ulnone Blob storage. For very large objects, such as video files or bitmaps.\par
File storage. File shares that can be accessed and managed like a file server.\par
\par
Queue storage. A data store for queuing and reliably delivering messages between applications.\par
Table storage. Stores non-relational structured data \par
\par
All this are:\par
Durable. Available with redundancy\par
Secure\par
Scalable\par
Managed. Critical problems handled for you\par
Accessible from anywhere\par
 \par
\ul Mobile\par
\ulnone Offline data synchronization.\par
Connectivity to on-premises data.\par
Broadcasting push notifications.\par
Autoscaling to match business needs.\par
\par
\ul Databases\par
\ulnone Cosmos DB. Globally distributed database that supports NoSQL options.\par
SQL Database\par
\par
Database for MySQL\par
Database for PostgreSQL\par
\par
SQL Server on Azure Virtual Machines. Hosts enterprise SQL Server apps in the cloud.\par
Synapse Analytics. Fully managed data warehouse with integral security at every level of scale at no extra cost.\par
\par
Database Migration Service\par
Cache for Redis. Caches frequently used and static data to reduce data and application latency.\par
\par
Database for MariaDB\par
\par
\ul Web\par
\ulnone App Service. Quickly create powerful cloud web-based apps.\par
Notification Hubs. Send push notifications to any platform from any back end.\par
\par
API Management\par
Cognitive Search\par
\par
Web Apps feature of Azure App Service. Create and deploy mission-critical web apps at scale.\par
SignalR Service. Add real-time web functionalities easily\par
\par
\ul IoT\par
\ulnone IoT Central. SaaS, monitor...\par
IoT Hub. Messaging hub that provides secure communications between and monitoring of millions of IoT devices.\par
\par
IoT Edge. Fully managed service that allows data analysis models to be pushed directly onto IoT devices, which allows them to react quickly to state changes without needing to consult cloud-based AI models.\par
\par
\ul Big Data\par
\ulnone Synapse Analytics\par
HDInsight. Process massive amounts of data with managed clusters of Hadoop clusters in the cloud.\par
\par
Databricks. Integrate this collaborative Apache Spark-based analytics service with other big data services in Azure\par
\par
\ul AI\par
\ulnone Machine Learning Service. Cloud-based environment you can use to develop, train, test, deploy, manage, and track machine learning models. It can auto-generate a model and auto-tune it for you. It will let you start training on your local machine, and then scale out to the cloud.\par
\par
ML Studio. Collaborative visual workspace where you can build, test, and deploy machine learning solutions by using prebuilt machine learning algorithms and data-handling modules\par
\par
Cognitive services. You can use these prebuilt APIs in your applications to solve complex problems.\par
Vision\par
Use image-processing algorithms to smartly identify, caption, index, and moderate your pictures and videos.\par
Speech. Convert spoken audio into text, use voice for verification, or add speaker recognition to your app.\par
\par
Knowledge mapping. Map complex information and data to solve tasks such as intelligent recommendations and semantic search.\par
Bing Search. Add Bing Search APIs to your apps and harness the ability to comb billions of webpages, images, videos, and news with a single API call.\par
\par
Natural Language processing. Allow your apps to process natural language with prebuilt scripts, evaluate sentiment, and learn how to recognize what users want.\par
\par
\ul DevOps\par
\ulnone Automation of software delivery \par
DevOps. Use development collaboration tools such as high-performance pipelines, free private Git repositories, configurable Kanban boards, and extensive automated and cloud-based load testing. Formerly known as Visual Studio Team Services.\par
\par
DevTest Labs. Quickly create on-demand Windows and Linux environments to test or demo applications directly from deployment pipelines.\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
}
 